So, I was giving a claw code workshop
the other week and someone asked, can
you chain skills together? Meaning, can
you run one skill that once it's done
triggers another skill and another until
you have one unified output from one
single command? And initially, I said
no. But after going back and forth with
Cloud Code and looking through the
documentation, I realized I was wrong.
There is one line that you can add to
any skill that lets you execute a series
of skills in sequence from one single
source. So, in this video, I'm going to
show you the single most powerful way to
use Claude Code skills that nobody's
talking about. Let's get into it. All
right. So, before we go into the how and
the why, let's go through the what.
Let's actually see it in action. So, I
have a series of commands now that are
chained. If I use this specific command,
let's do launch offer. So this command
is meant to take an idea, do market
research on it, put together the sales
copy for a landing page, and execute the
entire funnel to give you the 8020 to
get started. So given that myself and my
agency, Prompt Advisors, we give all
kinds of workshops to Fortune 500
companies, SMBs on using Cloud Code and
Co-work, I will do the following. So
I'll go right here and I'll say I want
to be able to create perfect premium
workshops for claude code and claude
co-work that we deliver to companies of
any industry and any size. So when we
run this right away it should execute
the first nested skill which should be
the market scanner. This will use the
web search tool to go and see similar
offers as of 2026. So it's now going to
search through and any moment now. There
we go. It's reading the skill for launch
offer and we should see the first of the
multiple skills executed. So now that it
briefed itself on all of the skills
it'll have to execute in sequence. It's
running the first one which is doing all
of this web search as you can see here.
Cloud code workshops pricing. It's
looking for anything that's semantically
similar to my original prompt. And now
that it has the research, it goes and
writes the market scan document. So the
first output will be a document. That
document will then trigger the next
skill to take said document and create a
sales landing page copy from it. And
here's the part where step one is
complete and it's moving immediately to
the sales page. So now this is the
second skill. And in this step two, it
should load the sales page skill and
then go from there. And now we have this
sales copy asset as the output. It then
takes that and it moves immediately to
the email sequence. So now it writes
using the skill for email sequences. And
now we wait for step four which is now
creating the social announcement on
platforms like LinkedIn, like X, like
YouTube. And then it'll go to the final
stage which is stage five. And then step
five is the launch brief PDF. So it goes
through all of the market intelligence.
It unifies everything together to give
us one specific file. And the final
output is something like this where we
have all of the workshops, the executive
summary, the pricing tiers, the
competitive landscape, all the gaps, the
sales copy, like I said, the email
sequence, the social media copy, and
this could be whatever you want. You can
make this your own. I'll even show you
later on in this video another skill
that I call brain brief that will go
through a particular topic and search
different parts of my second brain in
Obsidian. And by the way, if you enjoy
my content and the way I teach, I've
just released a brand new what I call
living course in my community called the
Claude Code Magic course. And the whole
point of this is that if you've seen
other creators, they will release a
course and it will be static. And by the
time that course is out, it will already
be obsolete or deprecated. So my course
really dials in the way of thinking in
cloud code systems. How do you imagine
what to do and what is worth doing in a
world where you can build anything? And
going through this course will give you
every single thing that you need
architecturally to self-s serve and use
cloud code to its fullest potential. And
as things get deprecated, I will be
slotting in and slotting out brand new
modules so that this course is always up
to date with the latest and greatest. So
if that interests you and you want to
learn Claude Code from someone who's
actually used it for close to a year and
is actually teaching other clients and
businesses how to use it as well, then
check out the first link in the
description below and I'll see you
inside. Let's get back to the video. So
now we'll go through the why and the
how. So in terms of the why, out of the
box, all of these skill files on their
own are markdown files. And there are
some cases where maybe you only want to
use one particular skill at a specific
time. But you also want to be able to
have leverage when it makes sense to. So
instead of having to always be the glue
between different skills, especially if
you want to run them in an order of
operations, but it's not as
deterministic as running them in a
Python automation. You want to run it
with some nuance, some human loop, some
area where you can step in as the 20% to
the 80/20 and add your own flavor. So
although you can run one skill after the
other and the context from the output
from said skill will be in your context
window, when you run them in sequence
and each one is aware of the preceding
skills output, you get a contextually
better output from the collective
working together. So, in a way, instead
of using an army of agents, you're using
a pseudo army of skills to create a
cohesive output. And the one line that
changes everything is something I've
already gone over on this channel. But
as a concept on its own, it's a boring
concept. But boring is very helpful. In
this case, when you write context fork,
this one line in a skill file, it will
run that skill in its own separate
context window. Running it in that
window, combining it with the ability to
execute other commands that you can
specify within the skill itself gives it
a separate context window, a narrow
focus on running these all one after the
other and then bringing back the output,
which is all you care about at the end
of the day. So if we go back to the
terminal and we run this very basic bash
command to take a little preview at our
skill and we go to the very top, this is
what it looks like. And I will give you
a copy of this and the other sample one
in the second link in the description
below. So you can see here we have the
name launch offer. Then we have the
description. Naturally we want the
description to be as descriptive as
possible but also really touch on the
triggers. When should this skill be
invoked? This will be extra helpful when
you're chaining them. Then we add this
magical line that's called context fork.
This will run it in its own context
window. And in terms of these two other
parameters right here, these are
optional. I like to write agent
generalpurpose and I like to really
specify which tools are allowed for this
specific skill. And the real magic is
here. So you can see we have the /market
scan in the single quotes and we're just
telling it to run each one in sequence.
So this is step one, step two, and we're
just naming the actual skill that lives
on its own. And then after completion,
it's good to specify what is the main
thing we want back in our context
window. So in this case, we are asking
it to bring the PDF that I showed you
earlier. And just to drive it home, I
will walk through this diagram. So we
have skill number one. It will write
something. In this case, it will write
the market scan MD file. Then we have
sales page that will read number one.
Then email sequence will read the
outputs of number one and two. Each one
of these is executing a markdown file.
And at the end, we combine all of these
outputs together to create one unified
file. So you go from something like this
to something like this. And you can even
really map out all the reads and writes
in your entire data flow. Now, just to
show you another example, given how
popular Obsidian is with Andre
Carpathy's recent contributions, what if
you hooked up your second brain using
Obsidian and you had all of these
different commands. Maybe you have one
command that finds each and every note
in your vault. Then you have one that
extracts key insights and tasks and
another one that synthesizes them. But
what you care about is your general
brain brief about a particular topic. So
if we pop into the terminal and we write
this brain brief and then we'll add some
form of parameter. So in this case, can
you go through and grab all the notes on
how I like to structure my cloud code
workshops. So this should be able to go
through the entire vault in every folder
and subfolder and bring back the overall
synthesis. And right away it's executing
step one, which is using the skill brain
search. It will search the entire
Obsidian vault comprehensively for
everything related to the topic and it
will use the command line interface if
it needs a fallback. So now that step
one completed after a few minutes it
executes number two which extracts all
the core insights from the search
results and it initially created a full
markdown file with deep research on
every part of the vault that seemed
contextually relevant. And you can see
here that step two has also completed.
And now we're doing the very last step
which is synthesizing all the insight
that were extracted from the initial
search. And now you can see we have all
we need for the pipeline to write the
next part. And then we'll get one
resulting response. And after it's done
running, we have the full output of
every single thing that happened. So we
have the output of the general structure
and then we have the three files
produced. This is from each and every
stage and it breaks down everything it
found. And now it has full contextual
awareness of the entire pipeline that
ran. So to sum it up, all you have to do
is create your orchestrator skill. This
will have that line we specified context
fork. If you want to be able to dictate
full tool access, what has access, what
doesn't have access, what it can or
can't do, highly recommend it. And then
in the body of the skill itself is
primarily composed of what is step one
through five or six and which command is
executed with which step. So all you
have to do is continue building your
skills as you have been on their own.
But where it makes sense and where you
see opportunities for leverage, you can
then combine them into one unified super
skill. And that's pretty much it. So
hopefully this shows you the power of
creating these compound skills that you
can bring to all kinds of processes that
not necessarily need to be deterministic
a toz that run hands-off but do need a
level of human in the loop. And like I
said, I'll make both of these skills
available to you in the second link in
the description below so you can use it,
take advantage of it, and pretty much
emulate my style and apply it to your
processes. And again, for those
interested in really taking their Claude
Code prowess to the next level and doing
it in a community that really supports
you from a personnel standpoint,
coaching, as well as content, check out
the first link in the description below,
and maybe I'll see you inside. And for
those on the outside, if you found this
video helpful, please let me know by
leaving a like and a comment on the
video. Subscribe if you haven't and I'll
see you in the next